so welcome to the next one
player review and today it's about samir
nasri second in shape but since after
one has come to the conclusion that has
the better rating with 84 tempo of 80
circuit 88 keys dribbling a
pretty big field to carry over with it
High city ​​foot is the right one
and you still have that gates ahead
and forster away , you 're fine too
you get because I wanted to ask if
I want to borrow them yes I have
then something made by him
No one has no idea the komani
Search comments to write us had
Here I am then I can on everyone
case has made five games
and Pedro has been giving us a long time
that's definitely the case
pretty good and good too
his ingame stats we just see
can pretty much green and
dark green and all his tour with them
so purely statistically
So from values I should not there
so much to complain but give only comes
times to the positive aspects and the
of course, as always with me
samir nasri hartford that gates and
forestry farmer and it just makes so much
fun to play with him
he shoots really perfect with so
I really wanted it that way anymore
he fell in half, he shoots with his left
pretty cool you shoot right
pretty cool
as soon as we can shoot
you'll just see it now
nothing but long shot
this today is my birthday last
something in general this time it does not matter
longchance right with left both running
always good at dribbling with him
he was cool the ball sticks in so many
situations simply on the ball the ball
meanwhile, he was still in the lead
and leads the skates we are about to see
can also be easy in most
you can not really think of it
gripe
berbatov spindelberger spin and jobs and
are good at my favorite songs
might become so has it
I was definitely having fun with it
to play
and yes his shots canada too fast
warns long shot that was
pretty good and in most cases
his salon always pretty well
You can not really do that well
it was the only one who complained a lot
entrance there is to it but it was
many complacent to help but doing it
even later in eclipse you become
so long shot definitely good
his finesse both from the distance as
also extremely dangerous in the sixteenth
yes powershot in the 16er is unfortunately
often very suddenly weak so
Issues very much of the action
the German left renner has since
only if you just ball on it
an example of this and such a situation
he just shoots travel guide on the
you can not do anything so im
Maybe not always last year
have power so far the upload
fitness and in the corner pure that is in
Most cases pay with you
yes best not even say
So whether he is a negative fraction
point is another negative point
maketh improve so that is
Of course not now the body
strongest that is stupid but you can
do not do it
He does not come in so often
fight situation purely because he is with
84 pace now on his sink because
fast in the face and therefore
can be easy in most situations
remove
and otherwise only a good one
dribbling and that's what it's about
not so easy off the ball but
of course, is all about the body stretch
that unfortunately already quite often and that
you just make less fun and therefore
not quite the body stuck
but what is good again was because he
also in outdoor player is as I said
just a good pace you can get on everyone
fall and its corners and its flanks
In any case, these are pretty much none
Passes generally he would also have more apps
is done when i am with benzema and stuff
or perhaps even to general
not always so many chances for yourself
If so much more it would have been hacked
So I'm just going to be the corner
and of his four s21 triangles
his corners are just as precise as
otherwise what night smaller one of the
match will make a horny decision
He, too, so he really does but should
one is the cattle just would argue
and that's why getting away is a good client
yes, what is still good with him
of course a perfect work guess with
hello yes that makes fun understands
actually in every imaginable way
situation is always pretty good there and
cultururnation good league pale cross with
brown curly hair seen from him
that's why there's nothing about it
to criticize hybrid temperance with him
because yes, you can finally reach france
only cooperate well and therefore years
we come then
all these positive aspects on one
Overall, the rating in my opinion
So from 914 points because nasri has
actually escalated pretty much with me
I found the important thing is first
for ticks in the form of the 780 yes she does
makes relatively cheap in the bbl
with 150 km and it makes easy access
just horny fun the same does not like
so the result player as well as mandzukic
or so already with me not so good
has never cut off so well with me
cut off and yes that we had
just fun to play with him
and that would just be the nine of me
ten points and then mine
opinion justified and that
it was already from this again
player review i detest i hope
you had fun writing video
my comments who will come it will
is considered this cinema i mobile com was yes
but so many have wished
we would like to be right in the
want to see mobile or just easy
only flax wanted no idea so
Then have a nice day
see and see